Questions

SDLC / Agile / Scrum

Which Scrum ceremonies do you know, and where are they done during a Sprint?

Describe the lifecycle from a US to be 100% finalized and deployed

Software Design patterns

Define Code encapsulation

Define Singleton 

Define Factory 

Define Observer

Define Redux

Define Decorator

What would you do if there is some piece of code, that is in 4 different places? 

What mean S.O.L.I.D. for you? 

CSS / HTML - Layout 

Difference between padding and margin

What is a flexbox? 

Using flexbox, how would you reorder elements in a DOM?

What is absolute position? When do you use it? What is the anchor point? What parameters do you use for it?

What is the difference between class and id? And class and style?  

What is the difference between localstorage, sessionstorage and IndexDB? 

How would you maintain the state of a user in a site? (history, cookies, breadcrumb, etc)

CSS Frameworks (at least Boostrap) 

How does a grid system works?

What do md (medium) and sm (small) stand for? 

HTTP 

What verbs do you know? What’s the main difference between get and post?

What is an endpoint on API?

Code to return a success

Code to return an internal server error?

Code to respond a bad request? 

What is a “teapot” error code? 

JavaScript 

What are the coolest features in version ECMAScript5 vs ECMAScript6? 

What is the difference between let and var? 

What is the difference between == and ===?

How would you find objects with specific characteristics in an array?

Which vulnerability prevention techniques do you know?

How do you prevent XSS (cross site scripting) or CSRF (Cross-site request forgery)?

What is falsy and truthy? What values apply for falsy? 

If you receive a string with a json inside: how would you transform that json into an object?

How do promises work? 

Angular JS 

How would you describe the Directive lifecycle? 

What runs first: controller or directive link?  

What are Hooks?

Difference between ng-show and ng-if, when do you use one or another?

Angular 2 

What is a SPA?

What is the purpose of a router? where would you define it?

Define a component 

Describe dependency injections

Define pipes? And pure pipes? 

What are the most commonly used decorators?

What is NGRX?

What does a typical folder structure look like?

How would you access to an observable from the HTML without subscribing to it in the code?

What would you include in the parameters of the constructor?

What does CLI (Command Line Interface) stand for and what is it used for?  

Difference between directive and component

What things should go to the core, shared and feature modules?

How would you call a REST API service? 